Update domestic CP minutes for Canada and US (#9272)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/country-and-region-availability-for-audio-conferencing-and-calling-plans/availability-in-the-united-states-u-s.md

| **Feature**                                       | **Details**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
|:--------------------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|Calling Plans are available to purchase?  |Yes          |   

> |Minutes available for Calling Plans.    |There are five plan options available per calendar month: <ul><li> 120 minutes Domestic Calling Plan </li><li> 240 minutes Domestic Calling Plan </li><li> 3000 minutes Domestic Calling Plan </li><li> International Calling Plan: 3000 minutes of domestic or 600 minutes of international calling (whichever is reached first in the calendar month)</li></ul>|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Minutes available for Calling Plans.    |There are five plan options available per calendar month: <ul><li> 120 minutes Domestic Calling Plan </li><li> 240 minutes Domestic Calling Plan </li><li> 3,000 minutes Domestic Calling Plan </li><li> International Calling Plan: 3,000 minutes of domestic or 600 minutes of international calling (whichever is reached first in the calendar month)</li></ul>|
```
